## oral presentation

The article begins with a story about a person who lives by the sea and does not eat seafood for the sake of economy, and describes how the ideal diet should have two characteristics: it is nutritious and does not threaten natural resources.
The article is divided into four parts, the first of which is about Iannotti and her team's experiment.
Iannotti and her team conducted controlled and tracked experiments in the town to understand "which seafood choices we can make that are healthy for the ecosystem and our diet", and concluded that "the recommended diet should also be culturally acceptable and affordable". ".
The study also found that unhealthy diets are responsible for more global deaths than any other factor, including smoking, and that these health problems are accompanied by environmental problems, such as greenhouse gases and water pollution. The report has drawn attention to sustainable diets and many people are beginning to conduct research in this area.
The second section deals with the fact that the greenhouse gas pollution that accompanies the production of food already far exceeds that of other production activities. Because of the inefficiency of animals in converting feed into food, scientists have developed a diverse, plant-based diet plan,. Although the idea was rejected due to industry pressure. But it brought more attention to the issue of sustainability.
The third part is the scientists' efforts in convincing people to adopt a healthy, sustainable diet. They found that people tend to adopt eating habits from an early age and continue to do so into adulthood, so they worked to get people to adopt sustainable eating habits from an early age to improve the problems caused by their current eating habits.
The last section speaks to the difficulties of achieving an ideal sustainable and healthy diet, such as the price of a sustainable diet, and the inaccessibility of foods prescribed by the diet that keep millions of people away.
Currently, scientists around the world are working in localised directions, focusing first on what people care more about and working towards outcomes that are of interest to these communities.